docs: add deprecation notice for the official conda channel and more conda docs (#3462)
deepmodeling/deepmd-kit: doc/install/easy-install.md

:::{note}
Note: The off-line packages and conda packages require the [GNU C Library](https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/) 2.17 or above. The GPU version requires [compatible NVIDIA driver](https://docs.nvidia.com/deploy/cuda-compatibility/index.html#minor-version-compatibility) to be installed in advance. It is possible to force conda to [override detection](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-virtual.html#overriding-detected-packages) when installation, but these requirements are still necessary during runtime.

> You can refer to [DeepModeling conda FAQ](https://docs.deepmodeling.com/faq/conda.html) for more information.

Author: The link is not ready now. Will finish https://github.com/deepmodeling/docs/pull/21 soon (when I have time).

```

## Install with conda
DeePMD-kit is available with [conda](https://github.com/conda/conda). Install [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/#download-section), [Miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html), or [miniforge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/) first.
You can refer to [DeepModeling conda FAQ](https://docs.deepmodeling.com/faq/conda.html) for how to setup a conda environment.

### conda-forge channel

DeePMD-kit is available on the [conda-forge](https://conda-forge.org/) channel:

```bash
conda create -n deepmd deepmd-kit lammps horovod -c conda-forge
```

> The supported platform includes Linux x86-64, macOS x86-64, and macOS arm64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported platforms include Linux x86-64, macOS x86-64, and macOS arm64.
```

```

> One could change the CUDA Toolkit version from `10.2` or `11.6`.

Reviewer: Should CUDA Toolkit versions be changed?

Author: The CUDA versions in the official channel weren't updated

One may specify the DeePMD-kit version such as `2.2.9` using
```bash
conda create -n deepmd deepmd-kit=2.2.9=*cpu libdeepmd=2.2.9=*cpu lammps horovod -c https://conda.deepmodeling.com -c defaults
```

One may enable the environment using
```bash
conda activate deepmd
```

## Install with docker

> A docker for installing the DeePMD-kit is available [here](https://github.com/orgs/deepmodeling/packages/container/package/deepmd-kit).

Reviewer: Shall we mention the image from [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/deepmodeling/deepmd-kit)?

Author: I am not sure whether dockerhub still deletes inactive images: https://www.docker.com/blog/docker-hub-image-retention-policy-delayed-and-subscription-updates/#:~:text=Two%20months%20ago%2C%20we%20announced,after%20six%20months%20of%20inactivity.

Author: Indeed I don't find any images were deleted

> A docker for installing the DeePMD-kit is available [here](https://github.com/orgs/deepmodeling/packages/container/package/deepmd-kit).

Reviewer: Update dead link
```suggestion
A docker for installing the DeePMD-kit is available [here](https://github.com/deepmodeling/deepmd-kit/pkgs/container/deepmd-kit).
```

Author: It seems not dead but redirects to the new link.
